1 to all and to all welcome to the
review of the 783 one piece manga
had not been for a long time
I was uploading reviews is basically because I
I left the series since it was done to me
quite heavy but what happens that
I had the bad luck to leave the series
at the best moment of the saga of
rose just when they were
concluding the battles little by little
epic either forum against itch either
diamond against cairo or I left the
series in the fucking best time but
well , nothing happens, the matter is that
I've seen the series again and come back
the day and as long as you have
time I can bring you the reviews
weekly wampis and good what has
passed in this 783 chapter of one piece
for the truth that has been a chapter
I liked it a lot because it has
put together the conversation part with the
part of action pretty well in this
occasion we are going to comment a lot of things
very important about this chapter and
first he talks to us about the side
side it surprises me very much that always
that is, escaping death
at all times in the latter
chapters we have seen like 2 flamingo
to hit him by all means the blow
end to the side and really side always
escapes the bastard 1s but basically
either by the ruv or by the help of
the light mates either by light and
either for any reason always side
he escapes the final blow that they have
to hit Sunday to end the
life of this one that seems very cool to me that
part this chapter give you the option to
side of really getting saved completely
from the hands of don flamingo with the grouper
fact of going down that is to say descending from
floor thanks to the help of this barbarism
I do not believe that it was called this way this fruit
who ate bartolomé or the boss -
basically it can be we have stairs
to make the grape be saved by
complete on the other hand I understand the
decision of now really stay at
let 's see how dies 2 flamingo as
the water been trying on these
last years revenge for the death of
heart and come stress out of
heart always tried to bust the
face to Sunday has always tried
so let him die really
don flamingo and of course it's better
and not to see how that person dies to the
how much you hate or really risk your
life to see that in quotes dream
from seeing die to Sunday I think the
second option is more valid and that's why
in this chapter he has decided to stay
to see if flamingo is defeated by
lucy or vice versa obviously if you have
clad flamingos defeat when move and
what happens that the flamingos finally has
managed to strike the final blow at
side and the new one can do nothing for
save yourself since the slope practically
it's practically useless not currently
can not do practically nothing is
very busted so good we leave you
the topic on the side I think that what you
I have to comment on this character
let's talk a little about knee that
happens a pretty curious fact happened a
pretty interesting scene that's not good
to better give it more importance than the one
should but let's document the and it 's
there is basically a part in which
cavendish gives the jacket to robin and
that cavendish really wants to stay
with side to look at that death of gift
flamingo and clear when he gives the
jacket to cavendish to robing is made
emphasize a vignette on wounds
that it has in the back
then you think that somehow it's going to
have a healing power the jacket is a
this really I think it has nothing
what to see I just think that it has
emphasized the wounds of let's say
robbie just when cavendish has
given the jacket because those wounds to
be covered with the jacket the most
difficult to get infected then by
I just think that it has been done
stress on the wound when that fucking
cavendish the die in the fucking jacket
rob i think it's just that and nothing
I think the only thing that I need
comment of this chapter is that ending
well we have to comment before it
forget the battle itself what we have
seen a bit of action between lufti and
Sunday where really in this chapter
it has been seen how flamingos have
enough superiority against lutfi already
that the flamingos has hit more blows
light and stronger in fact than those who
Lucia has hit Sunday in this
chapter so the increase has
enough superiority not flamingo cental
uci but I think that with what happens to
end of this fucking chapter is going to give
for let's say you're going to go around this
combat since it looked like it's going to
activate the fourth evil
oh my god, we really want to see
What does the fourth gear really do?
a reminder for those who do not
you agree the second gear allows you
pump blood more quickly
making it really faster to look and
the third gear what makes lucy
is that it allows you to stretch
limbs allows you to inflate some
tips a tip to make
that those three lives be stronger
then what will the fourth gear because
well I really have several options
or that fourth gear what it does is
comes back and like in the third brand
that his arm is swollen but with everything
the body without a chassis becomes mega
giant or just the fourth gear
what you date is we imagine how he sees
the blood so fast but so extremely
fast that even your body not only
throws steam but it starts to burn me
I think it's one of those two options or
there can not be more options can not
anything really be different
We will see what we are surprised with now
that nothing I think this the most important thing
I have to comment on this
chapter I think he left me nothing
simply makes a reminder that
yes or yes this skill that used
this skill that the actors the side
of the fourth
It is an avenue that in some way you
harms why I think he has
I been saving as the harms
because I think basically like
he did the second march that what he
he made the light and he basically cut it
the life time so nothing I think that
he left me nothing to comment what I said
as he always commented that it appeared
this chapter that you have found this
review your predictions
give me I like this video you like the
I really think that helps a lot to
keep going subscribe for not
lose you any video and well I think that
say goodbye to me here we see it in the next
video come kids until next time
do not